Road to SDET is an online institute that offers full stack SQA course. We have currently 450+ students and about 300 students doing job at several reputed companies.
Instructor is Salman Rahman, who is Sr. Software Engineer at Cefalo Bangladesh Ltd, having 9 years of job experience and having ISTQB CTFL certification. Besides him, some other professionals take classes. All of the instructors are skilled and experienced more than 5 years.
We have 2 course schedule. One is for regular (Fresh graduate and student) and other is for job holders.

About course information:
Course length: 3 months
Course duration: 70 hours
Weekly 3 classes for regular batch and 2 classes for job holder batch.
Our next batch will start from 1st week of May 2024 and enrollment will start from Middle of April. Our all announcement regarding enrollment procedure and others we post on our facebook page and group.

Regular batch class happens every Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8:30pm to 10:30pm
Job holder batch class happens every Saturday and Sunday from 8:30pm to 10:30PM.
Only CSE, EEE, ETE, ECE and IT backgroud students or Diploma in CSE, CS, IT are eligible to take this course. 

Our course modules are: Manual testing, API testing with postman, performance testing with jmeter, database, Core java with programming problem solving, 
Selenium with Junit and Testing for web automation, Appium for mobile app automation, BDD with cucumber, API automation with Rest assured, 
JavaScript with NodeJS, Mocha, Cypress, GitHub and CI/CD with GitHub actions and Jenkins.

We have top 5 facilities. It means when the top 5 performers will get 500 tk reward or discount or incentive each month that will be adjustable with next installment.
We have 3 months course duration with 3 installment in each month within the payment week.
For regular batch:
Installment 1: 3000 tk
Installment 2: 2500 tk
Installment 3: 2500 tk

For job holder batch:
Installment 1: 3500 tk
Installment 2: 3000 tk
Installment 3: 3000 tk

Our facilities:
We provide recorded video and resources on google drive
We cover 12 hands-on projects in different modules on GitHub which is very effective for enhancing skill and getting job
We have support members to give you available support
We have mock interview facilities that is taken by the senior software qa engineers and lead engineers from reputed software companies that will help you to identify your weakness and prepare for interview
We also update your resume and linkedin profile
We provide certificate at the end of this course if you complete minimum 8 projects out of 12 hands on projects.
Our students are doing job more than 100 companies. So we have a big job network and it is a great opportunity for us to recommend you on reputed companies as well as buiding your skill

Contact detail:
Mobile/Whatsapp: 01686606909
email: roadtosdet@gmail.com
Website URL: https://www.roadtocareer.net
Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/roadtosdet
Facebook Group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/roadtosdet

